Fix review feedback (#1082)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cheri/insns/schi_32bit.adoc

include::wavedrom/schi.adoc[]

Description::

> The {SCHI_BASE} instruction packs the least-significant XLEN-bits of `rs1` into `rd[XLEN-1:0]` and `rs2` into `rd[YLEN-1:XLEN]`, and set `rd.tag=0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {SCHI_BASE} instruction copies `rs1[XLEN-1:0]` (the least significant `XLEN` bits of `rs1`) into `rd[XLEN-1:0]`, copies `rs2[XLEN-1:0]` into `rd[YLEN-1:XLEN]`, and sets `rd.tag=0`.
```

Description::
Copy `{cs1}`  to `{cd}`.
+

> Construct a capability in `{cd}` by setting the address from `rs1` and the metadata from `rs2`. Set `{cd}.tag` to 0.

Reviewer: Nit: since `{cd}.tag` is `0`, this isn't _really_ construct[ing] a capability.

Author: true! welcome back! but it's a step on the way to dong so - I was considering saying that YBLD is required to fnish the job.

> Construct a capability in `{cd}` by setting the address from `rs1` and the metadata from `rs2`. Set `{cd}.tag` to 0.

Author: ```suggestion
Construct a YLEN-bit value in `{cd}` by setting the address from `rs1` and the metadata from `rs2`. Set `{cd}.tag` to 0.
```
